---
layout: post
title: My Resume
date: 2025-04-16 20:36 +0300
categories: [About Me]
tags: [resume, about]
---

📞 (974) 6650-5598  
📧 [aktancio@gmail.com](mailto:aktancio@gmail.com)  
📍 Doha, Qatar  
🔗 [LinkedIn: Andrea Kimberly Tancio](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yourprofile)  

---

## 🌟 Summary

Aspiring AI and Cyber Security professional currently pursuing a Bachelor at University of Doha for Science and Technology, with hands-on experience on real-world programming projects application and strong foundation in cloud computing, and automation. Additionally possess creative edge in digital arts, 3D modeling, video editing, website creating and animation.

---

## 🎓 Education

**University of Doha for Science and Technology**  
_Bachelor of Science in Data and Cyber Security (B.Sc. DCS): Year 1, Semester 2_  

**Philippine School Doha**  
_Senior High School Graduate, May 2024_ 

---

## 💼 Experience

**Remote AI Trainer**  
*Outlier (Freelance, Remote – San Francisco, CA, USA)*  
_March 2025 – September 2025_  
- Contributed to the development and refinement of large language models (LLMs) through code-focused AI training tasks.
- Gained hands-on experience in prompt engineering and iterative AI system training.


**Library Assistant**  
*Philippine School Doha, Doha, Qatar*  
_October 2023 – May 2024_  
-	Edited and updated student data in the school library database.
-	Assisted students in locating books, providing guidance and support in their research and reading needs.
-	Efficiently organized returned books on shelves.
-	Replaced worn-out plastic film covers and sticker labels on books to preserve quality.
-	Organized papers and school supplies to maintain a tidy and efficient workspace.

---

## 🛠️ Projects & Activities

- Developed Azure Function using Node.js to convert HTML pages to images, deployed via Docker containers
- Developed a ChatGPT-like web chat application using Azure OpenAI with CI/CD integration in Github
- Developed Azure Function with OpenAI capabilities with CI/CD integration in Github
- Developed a Blog Website with GitHub Pages.
- Developed Splunk add-ons to automate Abuse IPDB lookup via API call
- Developed a simple Excel VBA & Python script for Phishing Email Simulations
- Developed custom Phishing reporter Outlook addon using Visual Studio
- Developed Web Scanner and Web Scraper Automation using python
- Co-author of a published research paper titled "The Use of TCS3200 Color Sensor in Making a Laundry Color Identifier." Paper ID: IJRTI2404153 
- Engaged in affiliate marketing with Temu, Instagram and Pinterest.
- Contributed to the Festival of Cultures by assisting in booth design, decoration, and setup.
- Edited a video for the Career Simulation Seminar Workshop with PowerPoint and Video editing software.
- Made 3D model and layout of entrance for the Celebration of Learning school event.

---

## 📜 Certifications

- [Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/andreatancio-6153/credentials/e3124bd0abc9da95) (A45D0D4508CF14F0, July 2020)
- [Microsoft Certified: Azure AI Fundamentals](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/credentials/share/en-us/AndreaTancio-6153/A45D0D4508CF14F0?sharingId=B63CB3F7CF09C3A8) (E3124BD0ABC9DA95, May 2024)
- [ISC2: Certified in Cybersecurity (CC)](https://www.credly.com/badges/18bac55a-afc5-4d8f-bc26-8690ad3fb4ec) (1137546, Active: June 2024–June 2027)
- [Excel White Belt](https://certificates.simnetonline.com/48ac19cc-46c1-4c84-a66a-0aee0ccbe437) (McGraw Hill, Jan 2025, 129923463)
- [PowerPoint White Belt](https://certificates.simnetonline.com/2614793a-3d24-4a5b-b2db-1c12bc016346) (McGraw Hill, Jan 2025, 129930633)

---

## 🧩 Skills & Interests

- **Problem-Solving:** Adaptability, innovation, creativity
- **Programming:** Python, Visual Basic, HTML/CSS/JS, C++, C#, SQL
- **Technical:** Microsoft Azure, OpenAI, Deepseek, GitHub, VS Code, APIs, Office365
- **Digital Arts:** Canva, PowerPoint, Photoshop, Blender, animation, video editing
- **Writing:** Research, documentation, reports
- **Languages:** Basic Arabic (reading/writing), fluent English, native Filipino 

---

## Publications
- Gubat, M. T., Tiu, J. C. C., Tugade, M. A. J. B., Tancio, A. K. D., Lazaro, I. X. A., & Manalang, E. J. M. (2024). The use of TCS3200 color sensor in making a laundry color identifier. International Journal for Research Trends and Innovation (IJRTI), 9(4). [https://ijrti.org/papers/IJRTI2404153.pdf](https://ijrti.org/papers/IJRTI2404153.pdf)

---

_References available upon request._

